2a) With the IPv4 address space exhausted, the main consequence is that no new
domains can be added to the internet with an IPv4 address without removing and
existing one. There are two main solutions to this Network Address Translation
(NAT) and switching to IPv6.
    NAT has the advantage of integrating into IPv4 architecture. It works by
assigning each customer an IPv4 address. This is used by the router to represent
the network on the internet. On the customer’s network, each device is assigned
its own address for intra-network communication. The routers address is
written on outgoing packet headers. The disadvantage of this method is the
many services break using this method, such as client server models. It also
avoids customers having to buy several IPv4 addresses from their ISPs.
    IPv6 on the other hand solves the problem by using a much larger range of
numbers. This would allow every device to have its address for the foreseeable
future, although as it is limited by a finite amount of address this could
still be a problem in the future. The main issue is that in order to change
over to IPv6 fully, all ISPs and customers must upgrade to it, changing both
software as well as the addresses of all connected devices. Whilst this
switchover is in progress. it is likely to take a long amount of time, making
it unlikely to happen in the short term.
    Overall IPv6 is the most likely to be the long term solution, however this
will take some time, and will eventually need replaced by another protocol with
a larger address space. In the meantime, whilst NAT has many issues, it is the
only method that can be implemented in the short term.
b) The purpose of these are to increase the IPv4 address space by allowing one
address to be shared by multiple devices. The reasons these are used is:
    - Allows more devices to connect to the internet with an IPv4 address,
      rather than having to implement IPv6.
    - Avoids customers having to buy several addresses
    - Avoids having to renumber a network when chaining ISPs
    - Can be configured to resolve most issues that would be caused by it.
c) TCP should have a recommended timeout period of 2 hours, UDP have a much
shorter timeout of something more like 15 seconds. The reason for this is that
TCP is connection-oriented, unlike UDP, meaning that there is a way of
detecting the end of the flow.
