a)  These headsets have two screens, one for each eye, of high resolution, usually 4k, for making it appear to be in 3d. The headsets also have speakers in the to provide surround sound for users.
    The first problem that causes motion sickness is that, when moving in the game, the user is not necessarily moving, which can cause motion sickness. This can be solved by having the user move with the game, for example on a treadmill.
    The other problem that can cause motion sickness is that the refresh rate is often not as fast as the brain expects, causing a discord between the processing rate and the refresh rate. This can be solved by ensuring that the refresh rate is constant throughout the headsets use.
b)  A scenario is an example of what a user would be using the interface for, and in what situation they would be doing so.
    Scenarios can be used in the design process to aid in working out what sort of decisions should be prioritised in the design process. For example, if the application is to be used in a fast paced environment where the user has to decide between small number of options in a short time, larger buttons would be more useful than for designing something designed to be used on a pc with a large amount of time to make decisions over a large number of options.
c)  The Think Aloud Process is an evaluation method in which the test user states their thoughts as they go through the tests they have to go through. This is a good way for finding issues in the design as it gives the tester a complete view on the exact reasons that a user may make a mistake on the app, as they can see why the user reaches the conclusions they reach. The main disadvantage of this is that for each user, the tester must either sit with them, or record and later listen to the entirety of, the users time with the application. This can take up a considerable amount of time, particularly when attempting to test a large amount of users, or an application with many potential pitfalls the test user could succumb to.
